hey how's it going Dave Judy here so
WWDC for 2017 just happened and that's
Apple Developers Conference that they
have every year it's normally more
software focused and this year I mean
there was a bunch of software that was
announced but the one thing that kind of
stuck out for me was the adoption of a
file system for iPad so iOS 11 will have
a new app called files and I think for a
lot of laptop users that have tried to
switch over to iPad to replace their
laptop they hit that obstacle where they
just can't manipulate files the way they
want to but this new files app looks
pretty cool but I want to focus on the
hardware that was announced and this
year there were quite a few so first the
entire MacBook and iMac lineup has been
updated to cable eight ships these KB
Lake CPUs are basically chip drops into
the 2016 MacBook Pro so they were just
you know put in a new CPU into the
existing architecture that was pretty
simple the advantages of KB Lake well
there's three big ones the first that
you'll notice is the faster clock speed
so these base clocks are about 15%
faster than the previous generation it's
not a huge difference in terms of actual
user experience it'll benchmark faster
but the 2016 models will feel pretty
similar another thing that you'll have
with the KB the chips are the speed
shift technology so that's running a new
version of speed shift and when you
launch an app or do anything that needs
a short burst of speed these CPUs use
something called speed shift to fire up
a turbo the KB League processors turbo
up quite a bit faster the last thing is
video encoding and decoding so the cable
chips have hardware on the chip to
decode and encode h.264 and vp9 codecs
and the end result is that you'll have
better battery life when you're
streaming 4k content on your laptop the
integrated graphics on the MacBook Pros
are awesome a new version so instead of
the IR s 540 and 550 the new ones have
iris plus 640 and 650 in regards to a
performance increase for 3d gaming or 3d
applications it's pretty insignificant
but in general the KB Lake chips are
nice it's just more focused on energy
efficiency more than anything else so if
you're running I guess the 2016 models
there's really no real reason to upgrade
but if you have one of the older ones
like the 2015 or 2014 models there's
just a bit more
to upgrade now the IMAX also received a
kb lake upgrade and they have more
options for ran and the screens and
video cards have also been updated
the base model has an integrated GPU the
higher res models have some new Radeon
Pro GPUs they're going to have similar
TDP to the previous generation so it's
not going like a massive increase in
performance but it's nice to have new
IMAX I will be doing a full review of
those new IMAX when I get them in I want
to see what those video cards are
capable of now the thing I was most
interested in was a new IMAX pro it
launches in December and it's pretty
expensive it's going to start at five
thousand dollars loaded out with nice
hardware and packaged in a very compact
iMac shaped case but what makes it
special is a processor like this is the
first iMac that has more than four core
for the processor and I mean that's
special because it's difficult to cool
something with six eight or ten cores
and in this case they're top-end model
has 18 cores which is insane I find it
difficult to believe that they can cool
a properly utilized 18 core Xeon
processor in that chassis I'll be
impressed with they do but the other
thing that kind of sucks about it is the
price tag they haven't revealed like the
full top-end price but you know that
it's Apple and the price jumps up
exponentially when you go up in core
count so 18 cores I think is going to
top out of like 10 grand
crazy the iPad pro also had a hardware
revamp 10 and 1/2 inch screen with
smaller bezels a bunch of nice new
features the standard thing for me
though is the 120 Hertz refresh rate so
120 Hertz panels are really nice for
gaming animations look really smooth
stuff just looks very fluid on it movies
and videos will still look the same but
any kind of high frame rate stuff will
look really fluid provided the developer
or the creator of that content has
allowed for higher frame rates so things
like UI animations and possibly some
games those are just going to look
really smooth now the faster refresh
rate is going to allow for a faster
response time with the Apple pencil the
old versions had a response time I think
of 38 milliseconds so noticeable lag
when you were using the pencil this has
an advertised rate of 20 milliseconds so
quite a reduction in response time as
for whether or not 120 Hertz panel is
useful otherwise they can aside from the
artists application I would say no way
it's really difficult to justify the
extra frames that
just an aesthetic thing but it is nice
to look at the Apple home pod I don't
know how I feel about this thing at $350
it's not crazy expensive but the
integration feels I don't know I'm not
that impressed by it I mean there's cool
tech in it there's seven tweeters
there's technology inside this thing to
kind of measure and map the room that
you're in for adjustment of the sound
waves and stuff like that it's cool it's
just that I feel like any kind of
high-end Bluetooth speaker could have
done something very similar to this with
your phone now the one thing I can say
is that this is the first generation of
it if they add stuff to it so if they
add like an Apple TV built into this
home pod thing so let's say home pod to
this and built in Apple TV or there's
built in like mesh Wi-Fi into these
units and you can place them all over
your house that's kind of cool that's
cooler but in its current iteration I'm
not that impressed by it anyways that's
the end of this video I mean there's a
lot of hardware from just WWDC I've
covered like a very small amount of it
just the superficial stuff I will be
doing individual reviews for anything
that I personally find super interesting
so if you subscribe for those hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs you liked
it
this lovely loved it I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]